Add strdrop and bump TRGT (#831)
genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo: docs/usage.md

| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `stranger_repeat_catalog` | a variant catalog matching your reference (e.g. [stranger_repeat_catalog_grch38.json](https://github.com/Clinical-Genomics/stranger/raw/main/stranger/resources/stranger_repeat_catalog_grch38.json)) |

> Additionally, `--strdrop_training_set_json` can be supplied if [strdrop](https://github.com/dnil/strdrop) should be used to flag coverage drops:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, `--strdrop_training_set_json` must be supplied when [strdrop](https://github.com/dnil/strdrop) is used to annotate drops in coverage  at STR loci in TRGT vcf files:
```
